Polish quarto presentation (#410)
posit-dev/connect-extensions: extensions/quarto-presentation/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to the Quarto Presentation example will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.0.1] - 2026-06-25

### Changed

- Retitled to `Quarto: Presentation` and rewrote the description and README around the reveal.js slide-deck pattern.
- Reworked the deck into a teaching showcase of what a Quarto slide can hold: an overview with doc links, a syntax-highlighted code block, a Mermaid diagram, an interactive Observable JS chart, a multi-column and incremental-reveal slide, and a publish-to-Connect slide. The sample content carries a light business flavor (a quarterly revenue readout). (#405)

> - Loaded the chart from a small bundled `data.csv` you can swap out, instead of Observable's external `olympians` sample dataset. (#405)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Loaded the chart from a small bundled `data.csv` that can be swapped out, instead of Observable's external `olympians` sample dataset. (#405)
```

maybe? Just observing the jump to second person in that bullet point

Author: Good catch, updated across all the changelogs to make sure that second person is never used.
